pre-commit hooks (#2819)
deepset-ai/haystack: CONTRIBUTING.md

3. Once you're ready to start, setup you development environment (see below).
4. Once you have commits to publish, create a draft pull request with the initial sketch of the implementation and ask for feedback. **Do not wait until the feature is complete!** If this is your first pull request and you wonder how to actually create a pull request, checkout [this manual](https://opensource.com/article/19/7/create-pull-request-github).
5. Verify that all tests in the CI pass (and add new ones if you implement anything new).

## Setting up your development environment

Even though Haystack runs on Linux, MacOS and Windows, we current we mostly support development on Linux and MacOS. Windows contributors might encounter issues. To work around these, consider using [WSL](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about) for contributing to Haystack.

The following instructions are **tested on Linux (Ubuntu).**

### Prerequisites

Before starting, make sure your system packages are up-to-date and that a few dependencies are installed. From the terminal, run:

```bash
sudo apt update && sudo apt-get install libsndfile1 ffmpeg
```

> You might need to install additiona deps, depending on what exactly you will be working with. Refer to the relevant node's documentation to understand which dependencies are required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might need to install additional dependencies, depending on what exactly you will be working with. Refer to the relevant node's documentation to understand which dependencies are required.
```

### Installation

Now fork and clone the repo. From the terminal, run:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/<your-gh-username>/haystack.git
```

> or use your favourite Git(Hub) frontend.

Reviewer: ?
```suggestion
or use your favourite Git(Hub) client.
```

check that scripts with shebangs are executable..........................Passed
mixed line ending........................................................Passed
don't commit to branch...................................................Passed
pretty format json...................................(no files to check)Skipped
black................................................(no files to check)Skipped
Update API documentation (slow)..........................................Passed
Enumerating objects: 14, done.
Counting objects: 100% (14/14), done.
Delta compression using up to 16 threads
Compressing objects: 100% (12/12), done.
Writing objects: 100% (12/12), 1.06 KiB | 1.06 MiB/s, done.
Total 12 (delta 8), reused 0 (delta 0), pack-reused 0
remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (8/8), completed with 2 local objects.
To github.com:deepset-ai/haystack.git
   801be454..6fddb35f  my-branch -> my-branch
```

Note: pre-commit hooks might fail. If that happens to you and you can't understand why, please do the following:
- Ask for help by opening an issue or reaching out on our Slack channel. We usually give some feedback within a day for most questions.

> - As the last resort, if you are desperate and everything failed, _uninstall the hook_. `pre-commit uninstall -t pre-commit -t pre-push` will remove all checks and let you push. The CI might fail, but at that point we will be able to help.

Reviewer 2: I'd do `git commit --no-verify` instead of uninstalling the hook as the last resort. If the failure is transient the overall developer experience is better.

## Formatting of Pull Requests

When you open a pull request, please give a concise description in the first comment in the PR that includes:
- What is changing?
- Why?
- What are limitations?
- Breaking changes (Example of before vs. after)
- Link the issue that this relates to

## CI (Continuous Integration)

We use GitHub Action for our Continuous Integration tasks. This means that, as soon as you open a PR, GitHub will start executing some workflows on your code, like automated tests, linting, formatting, api docs generation, etc.

If all goes well, at the bottom of your PR page you should see something like this, where all checks are green.

> <p align="center"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/deepset-ai/haystack/master/docs/img/ci-success.png"></p>

Reviewer 2: Any reason not to use markdown with a relative path here? e.g. `![Successful CI](docs/img/ci-success.png)`

Author: Technically the alignment to the center can't be made with markdown AFAIK. I can remove it, but I will then remove it for all pictures to be consistent

Author: I realized there was only another picture and I've also added it a while ago :smile: Let's remove this

Reviewer 2: Ah true, indeed you can't center it. Follow up: can we try keeping the html but using relative paths? (disclaimer: it's very useful for the review 😬)
